
项目简介：“I present “To Collect”, an interactive web-based simulation that functions as a collective archive and “third space” for users to explore the relationship between possessions, identity, and social connection in the digital space. Drawing on Russel W. Belk’s theory of our possessions and the extended self, my research and project examines collecting as a process of identity formation and investigates how that process shifts when our possessions move from private, physical ownership into a shared, dematerialized, digital space? I wonder how we curate our digital selves through the objects we chose to share publicly? And how can digital representation of objects sustain attachment, memory, and identity in ways comparable to physical possessions?

Upon entering the website, users are asked to capture or upload a photo of themselves and enter a username. The system translates the user image into a pixelized avatar, retaining traces of the original likeness, but aiming to decenter the visual self in favor of object-based expression.

Users may upload up to 20 physical possessions, through the webcam or upload function, each of which may be accompanied by a written account of its significance. Once uploaded, these objects enter a collective archive where they may be re-encountered, re-contextualized, and repurposed by others, reducing individual control while increasing collective access and meaning-making. Beyond the objects gallery, the users can also explore other user’s profiles to see their curated collection of 20 objects, as well as their “reposts” and “blog” pages, all of which are limited to expressing through objects in this archive. Through this interface, the project explores how digitization shifts collecting from a personal practice to a communal process, as objects are able to circulate beyond their original owners. I propose that while digital translation removes the material ‘aura’ of a possession, it may also allow new forms of attachment to rise rooted in visibility, resonance, and collective recognition.”

技术路线要求：
react
→ good for component based framework
→ good for front end, but only that
→ javascript
→ will need database
→ Supabase or firebase（使用supabase ）
→ need smt ot host this → VPS (digitalOcean)
→ link to github, don’t use it to host everything

已经做好了ui设计在figma里面，figma的link：https://www.figma.com/design/cPLRDvyohBxa0k4RINN7fa/capstone?node-id=0-1&t=XPCvljhi4qplT7gM-1


beginning page. has a login button and sign-up button. login button is for returning users. a login function will pop up and require users to enter email and password. sign-up function is for new users. users will enter email, password, and confirm password. successfully logging in will lead to the main page. sign-up will lead to profile avatar creation page. 
profile avatar creation page will show a webcam. user can either capture an image or upload an mage of themselves. click next to see next page
avatar page. avatar has been created. use chat iamge 1.5 api (and my specific prompt) to generate an avatar based on user’s photo reference. User must enter a username in the box below their avatar. click next if they are happy with it, click back to retake, reupload, regenerate avatar photo.
main page. logging in as a returning user will lead to this immediately. main page consists of list of categories of items on the left, object gallery view button, user gallery view button, enter profile button, chatroom button. 
clicking on object gallery view will show the objects that ahs been collected onto the platform. clicking on the specific categories on the left side bar will reveal the different categories of items such as (cups, pens, utensils, lamps...etc). click on the user gallery view will show the avatar profile pics and usernames of all users. 
clicking on an object will lead you to a page to see the enlarged image of the object, with its upload date, username of who uploaded it, as well as any description text that the user has written. a small repost function is there so users can repost the object onto their own profiles
when clicking into a user profile in the main page, or by clicking on their usernames, it will lead them to a profile of the user. it consist of their avatar pic, username, a “chat” button under their profile and username that will lead you to the chatroom page, 20 items of objects they have uploaded, a blog post box, and a repost box (with all the reposted items they have collected from other people’s uploads). 
back to the main page, we see the my profile button. click onto my profile to see your own profile. it is in the same format as you see other people’s profiles. you have your avatar pic, username, 20 uploaded objects, blog post, and reposts boxes. the 20 uploaded objects can be switched out anytime, however, only 20 items can be on your page at a time. to switch one out, simply press on the swap button beside the object and it will lead you to the webcam capture or upload function just like in the beginning with the avatar pictures. If you are capturing an image with webcam or uploading an image with a background, chatgpt api will automatically remove the background for you so ur object is standing on tis own, with transparent backdrop. write a description for it in the text box (but not mandatory) click next to save and proceed. NOTE: ALL IMPORTED PHOTOS OF OBJECTS WILL REMAIN IN THIS ARCHIVE (MAIN GALLERY) FOREVER. YOU CAN SWTICH OUT ITEMS IN YOUR PROFILE BUT THEY WILL CONTINUE TO EXIST IN THE MAIN PAGE, JSUT NO ON YOUR PROFILE PAGE. The repost box will show all the items you have reposted of other people’s objects. feel free to scroll through. the blog post box updates daily and it says “Feeling: [] [] [] [] []”. you can upload up to five object images of your choosing to express your feelings. these objects can be from your own uploads or you reposts of other user’s objects.
now coming back to the main page, below the my profile box is a chatroom box. it will show the profile of the most recent user you have chatted with (it shows their avatar pic and username). Click into “enter chatroom” to enter the chatroom page.
chatroom page consists of a verticle list of all the user’s you have chatted with. it will have chatbox, keyboard, and the typical chatroom functions. on the right side, it says the user you are chatting with’s profile pic and username. you are also able to pick one object image to place in a box. so each of you have an object there and that object represents yourselves and becomes an interesting conversation starter. click back button to go back to main page.